1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is a free entry-level to mastery software engineering school in Fremont, California.


2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

They expect you to figure out the instructions yourself by experimenting and exploring.


3. What are the core 42 principles?

Opportunity, equality, diversity and inclusion - from the website.


4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time?

Yes. While they may struggle substantially in the picine, they will be able to self-pace for most projects in the main program.


5. What makes 42 unique?

42 is both high quality and free.


6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

Programming concepts through rigorous practice and peer effort.


7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

I will consult with a co-worker first, if problem persists I would consult with the project leader.


8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict dead- lines?

I will attempt to make significant progress on a daily basis while consistently getting enough sleep.


9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say?

Just like the real world, job placements are the responsibility of the cadet. However 42 frequently hosts events and invites employers hence increasing one's chances.


10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

Cadets have to reach level 7 to be eligible for internships via 42.


11.  How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 equips you with the knowledge and skills required to solve software engineering problems. Additionally, 42 imparts team collaboration and coordination skills.



Bonus:
5 cadets with at least level 5:

Gomoku - cwu, ldehaudt
Coreware - tdiaz, cleason, mcarney 
